README.md, before:

Cover Art Archive URL redirect service
======================================

This service will redirect from `coverartarchive.org` URLs to `archive.org` URLs, taking into account MBID redirects
caused by release merges.

For example, this URL:

    https://coverartarchive.org/release/5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a/front.jpg

should redirect to:

    https://archive.org/download/mbid-5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a/mbid-5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a-2270157148.jpg


## Development setup

There are two ways of setting up the server: with and without Docker. First option might be easier if you are just
getting started. Second requires having a MusicBrainz database set up on your machine.

### Option 1: Docker-based

Make sure that you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose) installed.
To start the development server and its dependencies run:

    $ docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.dev.yml up --build

After all Docker images start you should be able to access the web server at `localhost:8080`.

**Note:** Keep in mind that any changes that you make won't show up until the server container is recreated. To do that
you can simply stop the server (Ctrl + C) and run the command above again.

### Option 2: Manual

CAA redirect server works with *Python 3*, so make sure that you have it installed. Create a
[virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments),
if necessary.

Install all required packages using [pip](https://pip.pypa.io):

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    
Copy *coverart_redirect.conf.dist* to *coverart_redirect.conf* and adjust configuration values. You'd want to set up
a connection to the instance of PostgreSQL with a MusicBrainz database that you should already have running.

Finally, run the *coverart_redirect_server.py* script to start the server.

All logging goes to stdout, including stacktraces, so its suitable for running inside of daemontools.

## Testing

*Currently some tests depend on an actual MusicBrainz database running in the background, so make sure to follow the
setup process first.* We use [Pytest](https://pytest.org) as a test runner. All tests can be run with the following
command:

    $ pytest

There are more ways to use Pytest (for example, to run only tests for a specific module). Check their documentation to
see what kinds of additional options you have.

With **Docker** you can run all the tests like this:

    $ docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.test.yml up --build

You should see test results in the output.

Commit message:

Rename config file to config.ini
I'd like to remove "coverart" terminology from most places because this
project will also serve event art.

We use "config.ini" and "config.default.ini" in the new artwork-indexer.

README.md, after:

Cover Art Archive URL redirect service
======================================

This service will redirect from `coverartarchive.org` URLs to `archive.org` URLs, taking into account MBID redirects
caused by release merges.

For example, this URL:

    https://coverartarchive.org/release/5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a/front.jpg

should redirect to:

    https://archive.org/download/mbid-5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a/mbid-5b07fe49-39a9-47a6-97b3-e5005992fb2a-2270157148.jpg


## Development setup

There are two ways of setting up the server: with and without Docker. First option might be easier if you are just
getting started. Second requires having a MusicBrainz database set up on your machine.

### Option 1: Docker-based

Make sure that you have [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) and [Compose](https://github.com/docker/compose) installed.
To start the development server and its dependencies run:

    $ docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.dev.yml up --build

After all Docker images start you should be able to access the web server at `localhost:8080`.

**Note:** Keep in mind that any changes that you make won't show up until the server container is recreated. To do that
you can simply stop the server (Ctrl + C) and run the command above again.

### Option 2: Manual

CAA redirect server works with *Python 3*, so make sure that you have it installed. Create a
[virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments),
if necessary.

Install all required packages using [pip](https://pip.pypa.io):

    $ pip install -r requirements.txt
    
Copy *config.default.ini* to *config.ini* and adjust configuration values. You'd want to set up
a connection to the instance of PostgreSQL with a MusicBrainz database that you should already have running.

Finally, run the *coverart_redirect_server.py* script to start the server.

All logging goes to stdout, including stacktraces, so its suitable for running inside of daemontools.

## Testing

*Currently some tests depend on an actual MusicBrainz database running in the background, so make sure to follow the
setup process first.* We use [Pytest](https://pytest.org) as a test runner. All tests can be run with the following
command:

    $ pytest

There are more ways to use Pytest (for example, to run only tests for a specific module). Check their documentation to
see what kinds of additional options you have.

With **Docker** you can run all the tests like this:

    $ docker-compose -f docker/docker-compose.test.yml up --build

You should see test results in the output.
